Evaluate Api examples (#5186)
mlflow/mlflow: examples/evaluation/README.md

### MLflow evaluation Example

The three simple examples illustrates how you can use the `mlflow.evaluate` API to evaluate a PyFunc model on the
specified dataset using builtin default evaluator, and log resulting metrics & artifacts to MLflow Tracking.

> - Example `evaluate_on_binary_classifier.py` evaluate a xgboost `XGBClassifier` model on dataset loaded by
>   `shap.datasets.adult`.
> - Example `evaluate_on_multiclass_classifier.py` evaluate a scikit-learn `LogisticRegression` model on dataset
>   generated by `sklearn.datasets.make_classification`.
> - Example `evaluate_on_regressor.py` evaluate a scikit-learn `LinearRegression` model on dataset loaded by
>   `sklearn.datasets.load_boston`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `evaluate_on_binary_classifier.py` evaluates an xgboost `XGBClassifier` model on dataset loaded by
  `shap.datasets.adult`.
- `evaluate_on_multiclass_classifier.py` evaluates a scikit-learn `LogisticRegression` model on dataset.
  generated by `sklearn.datasets.make_classification`.
- `evaluate_on_regressor.py` evaluates a scikit-learn `LinearRegression` model on dataset loaded by
  `sklearn.datasets.load_boston`
```

> #### How to run this code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Prerequisites

```
pip install scikit-learn xgboost shap
```

#### How to run this code
```

Do we need matplotlib or not?

> #### How to run this code
> 
> Run from the current git directory with Python.
> **Note**:  These examples assumes that you have all the dependencies for `scikit-learn`, `xgboost`, and `shap` library
> installed in your development environment.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
#### Prerequisites

```
pip install scikit-learn xgboost shap
```

#### How to run the scripts

````

>  `python evaluate_on_binary_classifier.py`
>  
>  `python evaluate_on_multiclass_classifier.py`
>  
>  `python evaluate_on_regressor.py`

Reviewer: ````suggestion

```
python evaluate_on_binary_classifier.py`
python evaluate_on_multiclass_classifier.py`
python evaluate_on_regressor.py`
````

### MLflow evaluation Examples

> The three simple examples illustrates how you can use the `mlflow.evaluate` API to evaluate a PyFunc model on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The examples in this directory illustrate how you can use the `mlflow.evaluate` API to evaluate a PyFunc model on the
```

specified dataset using builtin default evaluator, and log resulting metrics & artifacts to MLflow Tracking.

- Example `evaluate_on_binary_classifier.py` evaluates an xgboost `XGBClassifier` model on dataset loaded by
  `shap.datasets.adult`.
- Example `evaluate_on_multiclass_classifier.py` evaluates a scikit-learn `LogisticRegression` model on dataset
  generated by `sklearn.datasets.make_classification`.
- Example `evaluate_on_regressor.py` evaluate as scikit-learn `LinearRegression` model on dataset loaded by
  `sklearn.datasets.fetch_california_housing`

#### Prerequisites

```
pip install scikit-learn xgboost shap matplotlib
```

> #### How to run this code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How to run the examples
```

Can we replace `code` because there is no code?

> Run from the current git directory with Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run in this directory with Python.
```
